TODO 3-1: 
Send player back after touching cloud?
Switch sound effect
Make guy give player the color code? Ehh let's just finish the game.

Send the image to player.
Set up tracking system to trigger SMW door? 
    Move door closer to level. Inside door is a static image from the man behind the tree?
How do I do door -> universe?
    Maybe door gives secret for how to teleport. Rather than hit switch, __start levitating__.
Open door -> static image with dialogue bubble. Then teleport back to main screen.
    -Go over door, background becomes the image instead of the clouds.
Computer -> There lies a hidden switch. Hidden switch unlocks door.
    Door shows image. Image shows pattern to teleport.

What good is going into background? The door makes the most sense for it.
    Clouds in bg change color when you move to bg.

How to give player tracking pattern.

Under the character: say When it is time, come to the gateway.

The gateway: send arrow outside of the webpage, get a response.
360 circle, adjust which angle it sets at. Enter password in hidden textbox activated by color sequence.
Password is for computer: it unlocks certain info? Ability to send otherworldly requests.

Picture with color code? Eh
https://graphemica.com/categories/other-letter

GOAL- to leave the universe. Discover what is beyond.

AVOIDED Make it so you don't collide with yellow floor on bottom when coming from right.
Don't get stuck on right side of platforms: don't move down, yet can't move left is an error.
This is easily testable on the top right, where you can get stuck trying to crawl into the little crevace.

Observable universe (cloud background) image by Pablo Carlos Budassi:
Link to wikipedia user page: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Unmismoobjetivo
Link to license: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/


Astral observatory: crawl in enclosed space for 1 min, move into foreground on front canvas, meet 3D characters like in 'The Egg'short story.
    -they tell you how to reach the other universe, turn into a cloud. Crazy button combo.
Hookshot a shooting star in background? Add shooting stars to bg, they are obj that can make you return to beginning?
    -make sure they don't hit behind void.

Make player be drawn with dash offset when using eye powerup.
Make mouse powerup darker when it can't be used.
Lerp camera.

Make audio volume decrease when you're near yellow button.
window.onbeforeunload to send "mark me as offline" request to server...
Restructure requests.js to just use helper.js sendPost?
Take some code out of main.js and into other files.

DONE Turn into cloud and fly offscreen like in Bob's game.
DONE Optimize fire display: only display it within range of 640 px. Make two arrays for special objects: one of fire, one of items since they're rendered differently.
DONE Could refactor code so socket isn't a global variable- only in game's main.js?
DONE Make canvas only react to inputs when it is the focus. When typing changePasword it'll affect it. Or, implement pause feature. probably not necessary unless I want to display components on top of canvas.
GOOD I investigated the property toLowerCase of underfined... it occurs when the browser autofills. I'm not sure how to fix it.
DONE Implement payment model:
    A button on the left side of the canvas that the player can click. It will open a menu over the canvas, where the player can select what item to buy.
    Items to buy: Probably a flex container of different attributes, like big head, big arm, big leg.
GOOD React components- need 5 of them. Turn game canvases (1), game instructuion + images (2), payment model (3), and player display (4) into react components.
Could the fifth be the nav bar?
DONE Why isn't updateItems returning anything if you've already collected the item? It seems to have been an error with the accept header- it expected JSON but the server was just returning a 204 code.
DONE Implement middleware status codes working. -they aren't super useful though, as the client mainly uses POST requests. I suppose requiresSecure is useful though- I only really see the effects of requiresLogin/Logout.
DONE (account is not deleted- the server will tell the client to just the tart the game if there's already an account) Delete request account when refreshing so it doesn't log back in?
DONE Implement change password:
    Changing password will require user to enter their username, password, and new password. It'll send code to the server to update that. That'll use some bcrypt nuances...
    Check on client if the two passwords are different.
    Use same kind of function as updateItems in Account controller.
GOOD Improve styling of log in button (formSubmit)
    Make sure it uses no code from Domo-change colors, and borders if I want to.
DONE Fix item saving.
    It is not actually saving on the server. The .save() function doesn't actually save to the mongoDB.